= email-integrator

* http://github.com/voomify/email-integrator

== DESCRIPTION:

This gem will allow you to use email as a simple message queue like integrator

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Reads an email inbox and allows a derived class to process the message
* Logs errors and ignored records
* errors are sent to hoptoad

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

Hoptoad for error notifications

== INSTALL:

This gem is not published. You can install it locally using the following.
For rails you should vendor the gem.

git clone git://github.com/voomify/email-integrator.git

# This is required by hoe and to install the gem locally you have to run it.
$ sudo gem install rubyforge

# create a default ~/.rubyforge/user-config.yml  file.
# note the existence of the  ~/.rubyforge/user-config.yml  file.
# you don't need a rubyforge account, only this file with ANY values in it
$ rubyforge setup

cd email-integrator
rake install_gem

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 russelledens and Voomify, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.